README.md, before:

# Responsive Portfolio Website

**version 1.0.0**

[For deployed version, click me](https://joeybrown-ctrl.github.io/)

For week two of coding boot camp, I was given the assignment of building a responsive portfolio website. I began by wireframing my vision for my site on draw.io. The wireframe looked like this:

![Image of top line of wireframe](https://github.com/joeybrown-ctrl/joeybrown-ctrl.github.io/blob/master/images/wireframe-topline.png)

![Image of bottom line of wireframe](https://github.com/joeybrown-ctrl/joeybrown-ctrl.github.io/blob/master/images/wireframe-bottomline.png)

I created three pages in HTML: index.html, portfolio.html and contact.html. Then I made the leap to adding components and utilities to each page using Bootstrap 4. 
<br>

## About Me

The About Me page (index.html) utilizes a navigation bar with working links, a jumbotron component, a fixed -- or sticky -- footer utility with media icons that link to my LinkedIn, GitHub and email. Other elements of the page are an image of myself, as well as some friendly but informative text, and media icons with working links to aforementioned social media pages. I utilized Bootstrap 4's grid system to create this layout.

![Image of About Me page](https://github.com/joeybrown-ctrl/joeybrown-ctrl.github.io/blob/master/images/aboutme.png)
<

## Portfolio

For the Portfolio page (portfolio.html), I added in images of each page's wireframe sketch as well as a brief direction to how to navigate to each page within three Bootstrap 4 card components. I did this as a stylistic choice as I'm only three weeks into boot camp and don't have many projects to show off quite yet. But stay tuned! 

This page utilizes a navigation bar with working links, a jumbotron component, the fixed footer utility with working media icons, card components and the grid system.

![Image of Portfolio page](https://github.com/joeybrown-ctrl/joeybrown-ctrl.github.io/blob/master/images/portfolio.png)
   
<br>

## Contact

The Contact page (contact.html) utilizes one of Bootstrap 4's form components, as well as a button component. It has a fully functional navigation bar, a jumbotron component, the fixed footer utility with working media icons, and utilizes the grid system.

![Image of Contact page](https://github.com/joeybrown-ctrl/joeybrown-ctrl.github.io/blob/master/images/contact.png)
<br>

## Built With

* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
* [Draw.io](https://app.diagrams.net/)
* [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/)
* [Git Bash](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
* [HTML 5](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/HTML5)
* [Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) 
<br>

## Contributors

-Joey Brown <br> <gjoey.brown@gmail.com> <br> &copy; 2020 Joey Brown . All rights reserved.

Commit message:

added new images, tightened up index.html, deleted nav links to contact page.

README.md, after:

# Responsive Portfolio Website

**version 2.0.0**

[For deployed version, click me](https://joeybrown-ctrl.github.io/)

For week two of coding boot camp, I was given the assignment of building a responsive portfolio website. I began by wireframing my vision for my site on draw.io. The wireframe looked like this:

![Image of top line of wireframe](https://github.com/joeybrown-ctrl/joeybrown-ctrl.github.io/blob/master/images/wireframe-topline.png)

![Image of bottom line of wireframe](https://github.com/joeybrown-ctrl/joeybrown-ctrl.github.io/blob/master/images/wireframe-bottomline.png)

I created three pages in HTML: index.html, portfolio.html and contact.html. Then I made the leap to adding components and utilities to each page using Bootstrap 4. By week eight of coding bootcamp, I was ready to update my website, and did so by adding a link to my resume and updating my skills and personal info on the About Me page, as well as adding in three fully formed projects on the portfolio page.
<br>

## About Me

The About Me page (index.html) utilizes a navigation bar with working links, a jumbotron component, a fixed -- or sticky -- footer utility with media icons that link to my LinkedIn, GitHub and email. Other elements of the page are an image of myself, as well as some friendly but informative text, and media icons with working links to aforementioned social media pages. I utilized Bootstrap 4's grid system to create this layout.

![Image of About Me page](https://github.com/joeybrown-ctrl/joeybrown-ctrl.github.io/blob/master/images/aboutme.png)

## Portfolio

For the Portfolio page (portfolio.html), I added links and images to cards showing my work in three different projects. Each button links to the GitHub repository for each project. 

This page utilizes a navigation bar with working links, a jumbotron component, the fixed footer utility with working media icons, card components, buttons and the grid system.

![Image of Portfolio page](https://github.com/joeybrown-ctrl/joeybrown-ctrl.github.io/blob/master/images/portfolio.png)
   
<br>

## Built With

* [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
* [Draw.io](https://app.diagrams.net/)
* [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/)
* [Git Bash](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
* [HTML 5](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/HTML5)
* [Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) 
<br>

## Contributors

-Joey Brown <br> <gjoey.brown@gmail.com> <br> &copy; 2020 Joey Brown . All rights reserved.
